Lord King Kong
Tiandi Monte Worker's No. 2 Black Gold Card
It was stolen.
The No. 2 black gold card is the one on the back.
Yes, when the Black Emperor quit the rivers and lakes
Cancelled the No. 1 black gold card
No. 2 is in the existing black gold card.
The one with the highest rank
User authentication for this card
Is another person
A Man
Where did the bold bag thief come from?
He actually dared to steal something from behind
Where is the credit card?
Right at the paddle wheel mall
Shit
Dare to steal and destroy the black gold card in Lao Tzu's place
This is a public humiliation of the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Dad, what's the matter?
I don't know either hahaha
Is this card fucking yours?
Hahahaha
It was given to me by my friend.
I'll just call and ask.
Why are you still calling?
You've been exposed.
Wang Xiaoyan, what do you mean?
Revealed what?
I said he was a food stall owner
How can you possibly have the money to buy a car?
I don't know where I got a card from
It's just that he doesn't know
Identification is required to use this card
It's been exposed now
Darling, you see they are thieves, right?
Hurry up and have someone take them away